premium: add monitor and alert (#22546)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/monitor-alert-flashduty.md

> **Note:**
>
> Currently, alert subscription is available for [TiDB Cloud Essential](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#essential) instances, [TiDB Cloud Premium](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#premium) instances, and [TiDB Cloud Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-dedicated) clusters.

## Prerequisites

- The subscribing via Flashduty feature is only available for organizations that subscribe to the **Enterprise** or **Premium** [support plan](/tidb-cloud/connected-care-overview.md).

<CustomContent plan="essential,dedicated">

- To subscribe to alert notifications of TiDB Cloud, you must have the `Organization Owner` access to your organization or `Project Owner` access to the target project in TiDB Cloud.

</CustomContent>

<CustomContent plan="premium">

- To subscribe to alert notifications of TiDB Cloud, you must have the `Organization Owner` access to your organization or `Instance Manager` access to the target {{{ .premium }}} instance in TiDB Cloud.

</CustomContent>

## Subscribe to alert notifications

> To receive alert notifications of <CustomContent plan="essential">{{{ .essential }}} instance</CustomContent><CustomContent plan="premium">{{{ .premium }}} instance</CustomContent><CustomContent plan="dedicated">{{{ .dedicated }}} cluster</CustomContent>, take the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To receive alert notifications of <CustomContent plan="essential">{{{ .essential }}} instances</CustomContent><CustomContent plan="premium">{{{ .premium }}} instances</CustomContent><CustomContent plan="dedicated">{{{ .dedicated }}} clusters</CustomContent>, take the following steps:
```
